Take a second to realize how far we've
come.
Empowered [music] by all the things
we've made together. How many people
have looked at a problem and then been
bold enough to say, "I can solve [music]
it."? I'm staring at a future we all get
to decide. AI as the ultimate tool to
solve all the world's most complex
[music] scientific problems. We're
taking flight.
Every one of us is packed with
potential.
The potential to make anything we can
dream of.
I do not know personally how to code.
>> [music]
>> But given the option to create something
just opens up so many doors for me as an
educator.
I discovered [music] Gemini could help
me with a lot of things from menus to
marketing and inventory.
But in a world where anything is
possible, we're really pushing at this
big mission mission of solving disease.
This is huge, but we have a profoundly
new technology in our hands. What
matters is what we choose to build.
Hi, my name is Matteo. My brother
Tommaso made me an this AI assistant.
So,
let's not just make.
Let's make something that matters.
>> [music]
[music]
[applause]
[cheering]
[music]
>> Hello shoreline.
And hello to everyone watching from
around the world.
Excited to be back for this year's I/O.
I think it's been an incredible year.
All of the relentless shipping,
the rapid advances in technology,
it's been a period of hyper progress.
I've definitely felt it myself. It's
been an intense year.
Here's a look at what I've been up to.
Okay, I wish this was my year.
Actually, the one of me plugging in the
TPUs is pretty accurate.
So, there's still more work to do before
it's in space. We are working on that.
On a serious note, it's been an
extraordinary moment.
It's been 10 years since we pivoted the
company to be AI-first.
We knew how profound AI would be to
advancing our mission
and improving people's lives at scale.
This is why we are taking a
differentiated, full-stack approach to
AI innovation.
From our custom silicon and secure
foundation
to our world-class research and models
to our products and platforms that reach
billions of people.
This approach enables us to iterate and
innovate faster
and it's lighting up every part of the
company.
What's really incredible is how people
are using our AI.
Students prepping for final exams with
the Gemini app.
Musicians and artists using generative
AI models like Lyra and VEO
as part of their creative flow.
Developers coding and bringing their
ideas to life.
I've been using Gemini in a myriad of
ways.
Recently, I've been turning to Gemini to
make sense of my parents' doctor visits.
I'm sure many of you have done a version
of that.
These stories of how people are using AI
are the best measure of progress.
To understand the scale at which people
are adopting AI,
there's another great proxy, tokens.
The fundamental units of data our models
process, many representing a problem
being solved.
2 years we were processing
9.7 trillion tokens a month across the
surfaces. A huge number.
Last year at I/O, that grew to about 480
trillion tokens.
And fast forward to today, that number
has jumped seven times to 3.2
quadrillion tokens per month.
>> [applause]
>> Never imagined I'd say quadrillion in an
I/O keynote, but here we are.
Now, some out there might call this
token maxing.
And there's probably
some truth to it.
I still think it tells an important
story
about our products and how others are
building as well.
Especially our developers.
Over 8.5 million of you are now building
new apps and experiences with our models
monthly.
And our model APIs are now processing
around 19 billion tokens per minute.
Over the past 12 months,
over 375 customers each processed more
than 1 trillion tokens,
representing incredible demand for AI
across the industry.
We are, of course, also seeing
incredible demand across our products.
We now have 13 products with over a
billion users each.
Five of those have more than 3 billion
users.
>> [applause]
>> Our Gemini models are a big reason more
people are using our products and why
they are using our products more.
It all starts with Search, which is
bringing the benefits of generative AI
to reach people than any other product
in the world.
AI overviews now has over 2.5 billion
monthly users.
And AI mode has been a revelation our
biggest upgrade to search ever.
People love it. In just a year, it's
already surpassed 1 billion monthly
users.
When people use our AI-powered features
in search, they use search more.
I love how search has become less about
individual queries
and feels more like an ongoing
conversation.
Giving you deeper insight and connecting
you with the vastness of the web.
Another place we've been rapidly
innovating is in the Gemini app.
Last year at I/O, the Gemini app had 400
million monthly active users.
Today, we have surpassed 900 million
more than doubling in a year.
>> [applause]
>> In that same time, daily requests have
grown over seven times. It's incredible
growth.
We've been adding a lot of unique
features like personal intelligence,
which makes responses more customized
and helpful.
And today, more than 50 billion images
have been generated with our Nano Banana
models.
It was a breakout star this past year. I
know you all have been finding having a
lot of fun with it.
Beyond the Gemini app, we're also having
much more natural conversations with
Gemini directly inside many of our
products.
Recently, Maps got its biggest upgrade
in a decade,
including a new feature called Ask Maps.
People are using it to ask more complex
and much longer questions.
Here's a real query from a parent.
My kid just fell into the duck pond, and
the wedding starts in 30 minutes.
Where can I walk and buy her a new
dress?
I'd like to hear how that turned out.
We're also bringing this conversational
AI to two more products.
First, Ask YouTube.
People come to YouTube every day to ask
a lot of questions.
There's a lot of great videos. Sometimes
it's hard to know where to start.
Ask YouTube entirely reimagines the
experience.
Say you want to teach your 3-year-old
how to ride a pedal bike and they
already know how to ride a balance bike.
Just ask YouTube.
You'll see a couple of differences in
results.
The information is digestible and easy
to navigate.
You get an overview and helpful tips.
You will see videos that best match your
interest. So, if you want to try a
specific method of teaching, you can go
deeper there.
And best of all, it jumps right to the
part of the video most relevant for you.
Brings back memories of teaching my kids
to ride.
It remembers the context, so you can
follow up with questions like, "Should I
buy one with hand brakes or pedal
brakes?" making it an ongoing
conversation.
It even lays out the information in a
table, so it's easy to compare.
We are starting to test Ask YouTube now
and it'll roll out broadly in the US
this summer.
So far,
>> [applause]
>> so far we have shown conversational text
queries.
There are a lot of times I want to get
things done at the speed of my voice.
That is much more possible today thanks
to technical leaps in our audio models.
A new feature called Docs Live takes
this to another level.
To create a doc with Gemini before,
you'd have to type up a really precise
prompt.
With Docs Live, you can just verbally
brain dump whatever is on your mind and
let Gemini do the rest. Let's see it in
action with a demo from our product
team. This is all in real time, not sped
up.
All right, let's try this out. So, I
just remembered I'm doing an alumni talk
for my high school's career day
tomorrow.
Uh, I need to come up with some talking
points to explain what I do for a living
as a software engineer, but I'm not
really sure where to start.
Oh, actually, can you just pull my
resume from Drive?
Although, that might be boring. Um,
maybe can you come up with some funny
analogies, so it'll be more of an
engaging talk for the students. Oh, and
also, I think the school sent me an
email.
I think the subject is something like
career day logistics. Maybe just grab
the details from there, throw them at
the top of the doc, so I know where to
go and what time to get there.
Let's just update those requirements and
turn this straight into a draft.
>> [applause]
>> This is cool, but it's a little dense.
Maybe format the analogies as a table,
so it's a little easier for me to scan.
And also, add a note to tell the story
about how my brother inspired me to
become a software engineer. Sort of at
the top of my doc, and bold it, so I
don't miss it.
Yeah, that looks great.
>> [applause]
[applause]
>> In the future, you'll be able to create
new docs and edit them directly, all
with your voice.
Docs Live is rolling out for Pro and
Ultra subscribers this summer, and the
same powerful voice capabilities will
come to Gmail and Google Keep then, too.
>> [applause]
>> Incredible to see the pace of innovation
rolling out across our products.
Supporting all of this at scale for our
users, while also serving enterprises
and developers around the world,
requires massive investments in
infrastructure.
And we've been investing for today and
for the future.
In 2022, we were spending $31 billion
annually in CapEx.
This year, we expect that number to be
about six times that.
Approximately
180 to 190 billion dollars.
A key part of this investment is our
custom silicon.
A decade ago, we announced our very
first commercial tensor processing unit
or TPU on this IO stage.
Since then, we have transformed how the
industry builds for AI.
We recently announced our eighth
generation of TPUs at Cloud Next.
For the first time, we have taken a dual
chip approach with specialized
architectures for training and
inference, TPU 80 and 8i.
While they may look similar, they're
actually pretty different.
80 is optimized for large-scale
pre-training
and it's nearly three times the raw
computing power of our previous
generation.
We have taken a fundamentally different
approach with our training
infrastructure.
With JAX and Pathways, our training is
no longer constrained by the limits of a
single massive data center.
Instead, we can now seamlessly
distribute training across multiple
sites,
scaling across more than 1 million TPUs
globally.
This gives us the ability to create the
largest training cluster in the world.
For model builders, this means training
larger, more capable models in weeks
rather than months.
TPU 8i is designed for inference.
We have dramatically improved speed at
every step.
Because if we learn anything in 27 years
of working on search, it's that latency
matters.
To give you a live sense of what the
speed feels like,
here's a prompt on an upcoming flash
model if it were running on 8i.
I'll ask it to create a Chrome Dino
game,
push submit. The response is generated
in real time.
As you watch, take a look at the tokens
per second in the top right corner.
The speed is pretty incredible, nearly
1,500 tokens per second.
It almost took longer to write out the
request. And And the game is pretty fun,
too.
>> [applause]
>> In addition to speed, we're also
thinking about scaling sustainably.
Both chips are more energy efficient,
delivering up to two times
better performance per watt.
TPUs have been hard at work training for
I/O this year.
I'm told we have a behind-the-scenes
look.
Hey, did we get Yeah, just folded
proteins across rare oncology data sets.
You? Simulated the next 50 years of
climate data for me.
>> a picture of a pug.
What? You ever see a pug dressed like an
accountant? No.
You want to? Uh
All right, listen up, TPUs. I/O starting
soon, and we got a job to do. Actually,
we got trillions of jobs to do. So,
clear your cache. Damn me.
>> Huh?
Dry your fans. LET'S FIRE IT UP.
>> [music]
>> HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M DOING THE MONTAGE THING. YEAH, WELL,
HOW ABOUT YOU MONTAGE YOUR WAY DOWN HERE
AND HELP OUT? WHAT? LIKE NOW?
ALL RIGHT, COMING. WELCOME TO THE
LIMITS.
>> [music]
[applause]
>> I bet Gemini TPU will be ready to
teraflop right into bed after I/O.
Our computer innovations enable our
advances.
There are three areas where I want to go
deeper today to show you the progress in
each.
Models, coding, and agents.
Let's start with the exciting progress
in world models.
With world models, AI is moving from
predicting text to simulating reality.
Demis and the team at Google DeepMind
have been working to push the boundaries
of what these models can do. Let me
invite Demis out to share more.
>> [music]
[applause]
[music]
>> Hi everyone, it's really great to be
here.
Over the past year, AI capabilities have
leaped forwards.
We now have agents that can plan and act
on our behalf, and artificial general
intelligence is just a few years away.
Today, I'm excited to share the progress
we've made towards building AGI.
Last year, I outlined our vision of
extending Gemini's incredible multimodal
capabilities to become a world model.
AI that can understand and simulate the
world.
This is a crucial aspect of achieving
AGI, and we will be important for
everything from building AI assistants
to training robots.
Now, we're taking the next big step.
I'm excited to announce Gemini Omni.
>> [applause]
>> Our new model that can create anything
from any input. It combines Gemini's
intelligence with the best of our
generative media models for a new level
of world understanding, multi-modality,
and editing.
Models like VEO, Nano Banana, and Genie
are able to create extremely realistic
videos, images, and interactive
simulations.
Although not perfect, they already
demonstrate some impressive notions of
intuitive physics.
And with Omni, we've now made even more
progress.
It's a step change in simulating things
like kinetic energy and gravity.
Previous systems would have found these
concepts difficult.
Gemini's world knowledge and reasoning
really shine in Omni.
It can translate complex ideas into
highly accurate videos.
So, for example, you can give it a
simple prompt like make a claymation
explainer of protein folding and get
this. Proteins start as chains of amino
acids. They fold into patterns like the
alpha helix and flat sections called
beta sheets, forming a perfect
three-dimensional shape.
But the initial generation is just the
start. The creative process is rarely a
single step. It's usually iterative.
Just like Nano Banana redefined image
editing, Omni gives you a more natural
way to edit video with conversational
language.
What's really cool is you can give it
your own videos, for example, this
selfie, and change reality in a really
fun way.
You can easily adjust the details and
style or even add elements.
And the whole scene morphs into reflect
your new idea.
>> [applause]
>> A simple circle turns into a black hole
or an evening stroll comes to life.
Anything becomes a canvas for creating
entirely new realities.
Let's take a look at what Omni can do.
>> [music]
[music]
[applause]
>> It's starting with video, but over time
Omni will be able to generate any output
from any input.
This was always our goal with Gemini and
why we built it to be multimodal from
the very start.
It was a harder path, but the foundation
is now paying off.
Today we're launching the first model in
the Omni family, Gemini Omni Flash.
It's now available across our products
and you'll hear more about this later.
We're excited with the progress we're
making and we'll be able to share more
about Omni Pro soon.
We can't wait to see what you create.
Back to you, Sundar.
>> [applause]
>> Thanks, Demis. This is huge progress.
As generative AI gets better,
so does the need for greater
transparency.
Research shows people can correctly
identify high-quality deepfake videos
only about a quarter of the time.
3 years ago we launched SynthID, our
watermark that is invisible to the naked
eye.
Since launch, SynthID has now
watermarked over 100 billion images and
videos along with 60,000 years of audio
assets.
Millions of people are using our SynthID
detector in the Gemini app to verify
AI-generated content.
We are now going a step further and
adding content credentials verification
across products.
This will show you
if the origin of the content was AI or a
camera and if it's been edited with
generative AI tools.
In this example, Gemini can tell this
photo was captured with the Pixel camera
and then edited with Google Photos.
We want more people to have easy access
to these tools. So, we are expanding
both SynthID and content credentials
verification to search and Chrome.
>> [applause]
>> You can simply circle to search or
right-click in Chrome and ask, "Was this
generated with AI?"
And you'll get a clear response along
with other helpful context.
For example, this image was making the
rounds on social media last year.
It's obviously fake. I don't eat
hamburgers.
It might not be as clear to everyone
else. That's where these tools can be
really useful.
Of course, this only works at scale if
more partners decide to watermark their
own AI-generated content.
Nvidia signed on to SynthID last year.
And today I'm thrilled to announce that
OpenAI, Kakao, and Eleven Labs are
adopting SynthID, too.
>> [applause]
>> It's great to see the cross-industry
collaboration. We're looking forward to
expanding to more partners and setting
the standard of transparency for the AI
era.
That's a look at the progress we are
making with world models. Now, let's
talk about what's next for our Gemini 3
family.
Gemini 3 launched a few months ago with
a full family of models.
It's been our most adopted CCA.
We have loved seeing developers use
Flash as their daily driver and build
incredible experiences with prosody,
pre-training, and multimodal
capabilities.
We've been hard at work on improving
these models,
especially focused on agentic coding,
long horizon tasks, and real-world
workflows.
And today, I'm excited to introduce
Gemini 3.5 Flash.
Our first in a series of models
>> [applause]
>> combining frontier intelligence with
action. Two things I would highlight.
First, when compared to 3.1 Pro, Flash
is better across the board, almost all
benchmarks.
It's made huge progress in coding, and
look at that extraordinary jump in GDP
val, a benchmark that captures many
real-world economically valuable tasks.
Second, 3.5 Flash is a very capable
model
at the frontier and comparable to the
best models, but much, much faster,
which is why when you look at the
intelligence versus output speed, it's
in a whole league of its own in the top
right quadrant.
When looking at output tokens per
second,
it's four times faster than other
frontier models, and it's incredible
delight to use.
The new model has been a game-changer
for us internally at Google.
We've been using 3.5 Flash with the
reimagined version of our agent-first
development platform antigravity,
and it's dramatically accelerated how we
build.
In March, we were processing half a
trillion tokens a day internally for our
developers.
We've been doubling every few weeks,
and now we are processing more than 3
trillion tokens a day.
This scale has created a powerful
feedback loop, helping us improve 3.5.
And of course, we are bringing it today
to developers in anti-gravity. Varun is
going to share more.
>> [music]
[applause]
>> Truly an amazing time to be a builder.
We move beyond AI tools that help us
write to agents that help us act.
These agents have lowered the barrier to
development so much that anyone can be a
builder,
even busy CEOs.
In fact, Sundar used Google anti-gravity
last week to fix a bug in the Google
code base.
When we launched the anti-gravity IDE in
November, we made sure to nail the core
agent-powered IDE experience, and added
an experimental first-of-its-kind agent
for surface as a glimpse of where we
were heading.
Millions of you already actively use
anti-gravity, and so we're excited to
bring you even more today.
We've seen the diversity of tasks,
preferences, and frankly product
feedback.
We've taken all of these learnings, and
now anti-gravity is massively expanding
its suite of agentic capabilities,
surfaces, integrations, and product
features.
To start, we're launching a full CLI
experience,
an anti-gravity SDK,
native voice support with Gemini audio
models,
and integrations with many services and
platforms, like Android, Firebase, and
Google AI Studio.
>> [applause]
>> All of this is available for you to try
today.
But most importantly, at core is
Anti-Gravity 2.0, a new standalone
desktop application that delivers fully
on that original glimpse of a truly
agent-optimized experience.
The new Anti-Gravity is unabashedly
agent-first,
focusing on the core agent
conversations, agent-produced artifacts,
and multi-agent orchestration.
Like I said, unabashedly agent-first.
As sooner mentioned, this is the exact
experience teams here at Google have
been using to drive massive value.
The Anti-Gravity agent harness, the
invisible framework for Gemini to
perform real-world tasks, has become
much more powerful with new core
primitives such as sub-agents, hooks,
and asynchronous task management.
And underpinning all of this are the
Gemini models, with Gemini 3.5 Flash
having been co-optimized with the
Anti-Gravity harness.
Of course,
being engineers, we were curious to see
how far we could push the limits of what
was possible with these agents and
models.
So, using the new Anti-Gravity and
Gemini 3.5 Flash, we asked our agent to
take on what we consider to be a highly
complex and impressive task,
build a working operating system from
scratch.
We were surprised by what we found.
Asynchronously, Anti-Gravity broke down
the challenge into a cohesive plan,
tackled tasks via parallel sub-agents,
generated, executed, and iterated over
its very own tests.
Over 12 hours,
93 sub-agents working in parallel made
over 15,000 model requests and processed
2.6 billion tokens to take an initially
empty project to the core of a
functioning operating system.
This was not possible
>> [applause]
>> This was not possible on Gemini 3.1 Pro.
But thanks to the performance and cost
efficiency of Gemini 3.5 Flash,
building an entirely functional
operating system consumed less than a
thousand dollars of API credits.
>> [applause]
>> The Anti-gravity agents wrote every line
of code, from the scheduler to the
memory management to the file system.
Generated, audited, and tested entirely
by an autonomous team of agents.
To put this in context, developing an OS
from scratch is both notoriously brutal
and can take many months to build.
We weren't just building an application,
but a fully functioning operating system
that applications can run on.
Let's take this live and actually show
this operating system in action.
So here, I'm actually in a terminal
window in the OS that Anti-gravity
built. Now, it's not super easy to demo
a working operating system. So let's try
something fun to see if it works.
One interesting utility that you can
install is SL, a common typo for LS.
Without spoiling it, here it goes.
It works.
You could see a cool locomotive passing
through the screen with the Anti-gravity
logo on it.
But clearly, this isn't a real OS.
Unless I can play Doom.
Now, if I try running Doom right now,
it just doesn't work.
Turns out that the OS is currently
missing some necessary video and
keyboard drivers.
So let's just try and fix it in the new
Anti-gravity.
I have a prompt prepared. I'm going to
paste it in.
While it's running, let's take a tour of
Anti-gravity 2.0.
As you can see, Anti-gravity 2.0 is very
much agent first, with all of your
conversations on the left side panel and
all of your projects. Let's take a peek
at one of the conversations that I
previously had.
I was curious for this demo about some
fun facts about Doom. So, I asked the
agent to do some research.
It generated some plots
on the right side panel, and then
finally, it also generated a cool
artifact for me.
It even generated an infographic using
Nanobanner Pro.
It generated some graphs using the code
it just wrote.
And then afterwards, it generated some
cool tables.
As you can see, Anti-gravity 2.0 is
unabashedly agent first and has been
optimized to be the best surface for you
to interact with agents.
Let's take a look at the previous
conversation to see how it's going.
Anti-gravity ended up doing a whole host
of research, ended up writing over 100
lines of code, and then finally built
the operating system.
Let's take a peek and see if it works.
Moment of truth.
Amazing.
>> [applause]
>> That never gets old.
Well, playing Doom on an operating
system that Anti-gravity built is both
fun and impressive, it hasn't stopped
there.
We've tasked these agents to build a
photo editing suite, a real-time
messaging app, and a multi-user
collaboration platform.
All with the same results.
Multi-day engineering efforts are
collapsing into hours, if not minutes.
This was made possible by the new
sub-agent teamwork capability. We're
excited to bring this to you as an early
research preview in Anti-gravity.
>> [applause]
>> Last but not least, 3.5 Flash is
incredibly fast.
Like Sundar said, it's four times faster
than other Frontier models. But as we
know, agentic coding is a token monster.
So, we've taken it to another level in
anti-gravity. We've optimized Flash to
be not just four times, but 12 times
faster in anti-gravity.
>> [applause]
>> And we're thrilled to give you all a
taste of this experience starting today.
What we showed you today isn't just a
vision. It's how we're building
anti-gravity to be the most complete
agentic development platform for
everyone.
And we're doing it with the Google
ecosystem. Whether it's integrating tech
stacks and tools that you already use,
or using anti-gravity's agent harness to
power the next crop of agentic
experiences across Google products.
Today, anti-gravity 2.0 is available
globally for everyone.
Join us in the developer keynote as we
demo all the new capabilities.
Back to you, Sundar.
>> [applause]
>> Thanks, Varun. It's incredible that
Varun's entire OS was built by a team of
sub-agents in just 12 hours and for such
a low cost.
What's amazing about Flash is how it
delivers frontier-level capabilities at
less than half the price of comparable
frontier models.
We've heard that many companies are
already blowing through their annual
token budgets, and it's only May.
If companies use the mix of Flash and
other frontier models, they could save a
lot of money.
To put this in perspective,
top companies in Google Cloud are
processing about 1 trillion tokens a
day.
If they shifted 80% of their workloads
from other frontier models to 3.5 Flash,
they'd save over $1 billion annually.
That is real savings they can pour back
into their company.
Gemini 3.5 Flash is available for
everyone today across our products and
APIs.
>> [applause]
>> We are also excited for 3.5 Pro.
We're using it internally. It's showing
great improvements. I know you can't
wait to get your hands on it. Give us
until next month to get it to you.
Gemini 3.5 and anti-gravity are
unlocking a new world of agents and
agentic capabilities.
We've been bringing agents to developers
and enterprises for a while.
Now, we are super focused on bringing
the power of agents safely and securely
to consumers so that they work for
everyone.
You will see agentic experiences across
many of our products today.
I'm particularly excited for what we are
bringing right into the Gemini app.
Introducing Gemini Spark.
It's your
>> [applause]
>> It's your personal AI agent that helps
you navigate your digital life
taking action on your behalf and under
your direction.
It runs on dedicated virtual machines on
Google Cloud.
And it's 24/7.
And yes, you can close your laptop.
>> [applause and cheering]
>> It's powered by Gemini 3.5
and the Google anti-gravity harness
which allows it to perform long-running
tasks easily in the background.
Spark will integrate seamlessly with
tools starting with our own
and in the coming weeks with third-party
tools through MCP.
And you can work with Spark however is
most convenient.
In the Gemini app or soon through email
and chat. Let's have Josh come up and
share more.
>> [music]
>> Thanks, Sundar. It's great to see
everyone and let me show you how Spark
works with some examples from my
personal life. So, here we are. We have
the new Gemini open. It's been
completely redesigned. We'll talk about
that later in the show and I want to
take you into Spark here.
And what you can see immediately is a
dashboard with all the different tasks
that I have going on in the background.
It allows you to check in on these
things and I'll paste in a task right
off the bat. This is a pretty
straightforward example, but it's so
useful.
Help me draft an email to the team,
compile everything about our recent
Gemini live launches and wins from the
last week. Use  ghostwriter. So,
there's a few things happening here.
Compile everything. This goes across
docs, email, your chats and grabs the
most important information that you need
for this update. It also is going to use
all of the stuff you see in the time
period of the last week with the
ghostwriter. That's a personal skill
that I've written so the email sounds
like me. And what's great is that with
Spark you can upload your favorite
skills you find online.
So, we're going to let this run in the
background. You can see it's already
started doing various tool calls and I'm
going to switch over to another one from
our personal life. We're planning a big
block party and you can see here this is
a pretty complex prompt. We want help
grabbing all the RSVPs,
keep a list of who's bringing what,
remember to email those neighbors who
haven't signed up yet and what's amazing
here is Spark will go through
step-by-step. Look at all these steps,
all the time it saves you going through
and again work across the various skills
and apps that you have.
And what's really amazing is it'll break
it down and also be able to generate
files for you. So, the first one here,
this is a live RSVP tracker right in
Google Sheets. You can see that it shows
who's confirmed and who hasn't? What's
amazing about this is it'll actually
update because it's connected to Gmail.
So when L. Thompson wrote eight RSVPs,
it'll update, which is pretty amazing.
The other thing is it keeps track of all
the different guests, as well as sending
follow-up reminders to who hasn't signed
up yet. So again, this will happen,
it'll create the drafts and under my
control, I can send them.
And then finally, what the prompt did is
it created a hype deck for the block
party. And you can see creates right in
Google Slides, perfectly integrated, and
you can see it even pulls in things like
our giant bounce house that's going to
be in the cul-de-sac. Now, all of this
is happening in the background and under
my control. And what's amazing is Gemini
can even go a step further and pull out
things like your neighborhood homeowners
association won't let you set this up
before Friday afternoon of June 5th.
That's pulling from a file in my Google
Drive. So it's incredibly helpful about
how it pulls it all together.
Now, that's Spark working on a laptop.
Spark is also amazing on the go, and it
works across both Android and iPhone.
So here you can see on my phone here,
I'll open it up and I can go into Spark.
You see both of the tasks we just went
through, they sync across all your
devices, which is so helpful. And Spark
is amazing at just brain dumping things
on your mind. If you're super busy, it's
almost you can just throw tasks over
your shoulder. Spark will catch them and
then run with them. So watch this.
Start a few threads for me. The first
one, find all the upcoming meetings with
Sundar and turn them all hot pink so I
don't miss them.
The second one, last night I met our new
neighbor John. Write a note to him and
his family, invite them to our block
party because they weren't on our list
originally.
The third one, create a document with
the top things my wife and I need to do
for the kids before the end of the
school year.
Categorize it by deadline and priority.
Make it easy to digest. I don't want to
miss anything.
All right, so we'll send that in and you
can see at the speed of my voice, it's
taking that one task and it will capture
all of that context as fast as I can
talk.
It starts out as a single thread here
and in the background it's actually
going to go through and break those down
into individual tasks.
Now, I can just put my phone away and
get on with my day and Spark works in
the background for me.
We'll check in later see how it's doing.
>> [applause]
>> You can see this is one of the first
times we've been able to put a phone
down and let it keep working on the iOS
stage. It's great.
Because we're prioritizing safety, we're
rolling out Gemini Spark deliberately to
trusted testers this week and as a beta
for US Google AI Ultra subscribers next
week.
We want this new type of help to be in
as many hands as possible. So to do
that, we're introducing a new
Ultra plan for $100 a month.
>> [applause and cheering]
>> And for those of you that need maximum
limits, we're dropping the price for our
top tier Ultra plan from $250 a month to
$200 a month.
>> [applause and cheering]
>> And there's so much more to come. Later
this summer, Gemini Spark will operate
directly within Chrome acting as your
agentic browser across the web. It can
take action on your tasks under your
direction.
We're also building a dedicated home
base for your agents on your phone,
Android Halo, which is coming later this
year.
As Sundar said, we've entered a new
agentic era across Google and we can't
wait to see what you're going to build
with it. Back to you, Sundar.
>> [applause]
[applause]
>> Thanks, Josh. So great to see Gemini
Spark getting things done on your
behalf.
I've played around with all sorts of
agents, and you can really see the
potential.
But it's still early days when it comes
to making agents easy to use,
super secure, and truly helpful.
That's why I'm really excited by Gemini
Spark.
We are laying the foundation to bring
this all together in a safe and secure
way to consumers everywhere.
Look forward to having you all try it.
We are firmly in our agentic Gemini era.
Gemini Spark is the first experience
you're seeing made possible
by 3.5 models and Attic Gravity.
This combination gives us new ways to
accelerate our mission
and to transform our products to be
radically more helpful.
And I can't wait to see
how it will transform Search, our
ultimate moonshot.
This past year has proven just how much
innovation is possible right at the
heart of our information mission.
And as we enter this agentic era,
Search will be more helpful and powerful
than ever before.
Let me turn it over to Liz to share
what's next.
>> [applause and music]
>> People bring billions of questions to
Search every day.
Now, sometimes the whole world is
searching for the same thing.
But more often, your questions are just
as unique as you are.
That's why we set out to make it
possible to ask whatever's really on
your mind.
Now, to unlock this, we've been on a
journey to bring together the best of a
search engine with the best of AI.
And we started this transformation with
AI overviews.
And if you can believe it, it was just
last year on the stage that we launched
AI mode.
Now, it's our most powerful AI search.
Bringing in our most advanced Gemini
models. And as of today, we're upgrading
it on Gemini 3.5.
>> [applause]
>> Now, as Sundar mentioned, AI mode has
surpassed more than 1 billion monthly
users.
And we're seeing phenomenal growth.
With AI mode queries more than doubling
every quarter since launch.
As people have learned how much more
search can do, they've started bringing
more questions.
So much so that last quarter we saw
search queries reach an all-time high.
But what's even more remarkable?
You're asking your real questions in all
their super specific and detailed glory.
Knowing search can really tackle them.
You're having real conversations with
search. Going back and forth and deeper.
So you're not just asking nearby hikes.
You're asking, "Can you build an
itinerary for a hiking day trip near me
with great views and dog-friendly trails
and a lunch spot with convenient
parking?"
And now we're entering the next chapter
of Google search.
Where incredible AI features aren't just
in search.
Google search is AI search through and
through.
Now, it's an AI search that brings
together our most advanced Gemini
models, our newest agentic capabilities,
and the full breadth of the world's
information.
With over a billion facts updated a
minute.
Billions of new web pages indexed every
day.
And connections to an infinite range of
human perspectives.
So whatever's on your mind, you can come
to Google and truly ask anything.
Now, to start, I'm excited to announce
we're launching a brand new intelligent
search box.
Before, the search box was a contained
space, but now it's totally reimagined
with AI.
It expands with your curiosity.
And as you ask, search helps you
formulate your questions with AI-powered
suggestions.
This goes beyond auto-complete. It
offers nuances that you might not have
even thought to add.
Helping you take the exact question on
your mind and ask it with ease.
This new search box puts our most
powerful AI tools right at your
fingertips.
And you can ask across modalities with
text, images, files, videos. And search
reasons across them all.
Now, this is the biggest upgrade to our
iconic search box since its debut over
25 years ago. And it's starting to roll
out today.
>> [applause]
>> Next, we're making it even easier to
continue the conversation with search.
Bringing AI overviews and AI mode into
one seamless AI search experience.
So, you can flow effortlessly from your
question to your response on the main
search results page to follow-ups in AI
mode. And your context stays with you.
And as your conversation gets deeper,
your links and your sources get even
more relevant to what you might want to
explore.
So, you continue to get the best of AI
and the best of the web.
And I'm excited to share this new
seamless AI search experience is live
today across desktop and mobile
worldwide.
>> [applause]
>> Next, you just heard Sundar and Josh
share our approach to agents and the
potential that this can open up.
Now, we're taking an exciting step
toward this vision.
We will be able to create and manage
multiple AI agents for your many tasks
right in search.
We're entering the era of search agents.
Now, to start, you can set information
agents to work for you 24/7 in the
background.
They can find you exactly what you need,
exactly when you need it, and help you
take action.
You can spin up multiple agents in
search simultaneously to get updated and
make progress on all those things that
matter to you.
And these will work with and alongside
Gemini Spark to help you get more done.
So, let's put a few to work.
Say you're really into finance, and you
want to know more about big biotech
stocks, but you want to know with PEs
under 15, positive cash flows, and low
debt, right when it matters.
Now, you can just ask all that, and your
agent is off.
It'll take your super complex question
and map out a plan.
It determines the urgency, getting that
you really need in-the-moment intel.
And it sets triggers to look out for
information as it changes,
and picks the tools and data hooks it
needs for the job.
It connects directly to our real-time
finance data, so you get
up-to-the-second updates on stock prices
and insights on the market the moment it
moves.
Now, when it does, your agent sends you
an intelligent and synthesized update.
It helps you understand what's going on,
so you can separate the signal from the
noise.
And it points you to hyper-relevant
content,
like this crowdsource research platform,
news sites, and social.
This helps websites and creators get
fresh content discovered by people who
really care about it
when it matters most to them.
Now, let's say you're apartment hunting.
You can do a total brain dump of what
you're looking for
with all your criteria, like location
and natural light and availability.
And your agent will continuously scan
the entire web across sites, social, and
forums.
Or if you're a sneaker man, you can just
ask to be updated when any of your
favorite athletes announce sneaker
collabs or drops.
And it monitors everything from blogs to
our shopping graph,
so you don't miss out.
Now, you'll be able to put information
agents to work for you this summer.
Just ask Search to keep you updated on
whatever you want to know.
Now, information agents are among the
first of many agents we're introducing
in Search to make it more helpful for
you.
So, whether you want to find it, check
it, book it, buy it, or more,
Search will be able to get it done.
Now, we're also bringing agentic coding
to Search,
so it can build you custom experiences
just for your questions.
To show you how this works, here's
Robby.
>> [applause and music]
[music]
[applause]
>> We believe the best version of Search is
one created just for you.
It's a search that gives you information
in the most helpful format for your
question.
And we've spent years perfecting this.
So, if you're shopping,
we give you products.
Asking about data,
you see charts.
Looking for inspiration,
you get beautiful visuals.
Now, we're taking this to a whole new
level.
We're bringing anti-gravity and the
agentic coding capabilities of Gemini
3.5 Flash right into Search.
So, Search can build you the ideal
format exactly for your question,
completely custom,
on the fly.
We're talking dynamic layouts,
interactive widgets, entire experiences,
all created just for you.
This is agentic coding
at the scale of Search.
>> [applause]
>> Let me give you an example.
Say I'm a college student trying to wrap
my mind around astrophysics. I can go to
search now and just ask, "How do black
holes affect space-time?" And check this
out. I get this interactive visual right
in the AI overview.
Search now gets for a concept this
complex, I need to interact with it to
really understand it.
But this is still kind of 101. So, I'm
going to follow up and say, "Now, show
me how two orbiting objects, like binary
black holes, create gravitational
waves."
Search dynamically builds a brand new
interactive visual in real time,
completely custom for my specific
question.
>> [applause]
>> And now I can play with the parameters,
like orbital separation and mass ratio.
It's so cool. I can see how wave
patterns have changed and now how the
smaller black hole spirals around the
bigger one.
And now that I get the basics, I can
dive into these resources here and read
things like the LIGO discovery papers to
learn more.
Now, you might be wondering, "How can
search actually build custom UI like
this for billions of unique questions?"
With Gemini 3.5 Flash, Search plans the
ideal response from scratch.
It designs the layout, decides what
custom components to build, fans out to
do the [clears throat] research, and
then finally deploys the code.
To build custom components like these in
the response, Search invokes an agent
coding harness powered by anti-gravity.
So, it can read and write files and
execute code in a secure containerized
environment. This is the same tech you
saw Varun build whole OS with. And we're
bringing that power right into Search.
Generative UI with anti-gravity is
rolling out to search this summer for
everyone free of charge.
>> [applause]
>> So, whatever it is you want to
understand, whether you're wondering how
your watch actually works, analyzing the
cost of a new commute, or so much more,
you'll get responses as unique as your
questions.
Now, let's take this a step further.
Some projects aren't one-off questions.
They're ongoing tasks. So, search now
has the ability to help you create
entire custom stateful experiences.
Tools, trackers, dashboards. I think of
these sort of like building my own
little mini apps with search, and I've
been making a ton of them. And they're
especially awesome for those
long-running tasks where you want to
keep coming back, like planning a
wedding or managing your home move. So,
what do you think? Should we build one
together?
Yeah?
All right.
>> [applause]
>> Let's do a demo.
So, I'm constantly trying to figure out
on Thursday what it is I should do with
my family every weekend. And so, here's
a search I actually just did about fun
things to do with my family this
weekend. And of course, you get great
great response here from AI mode. But,
here's something new. Search proactively
offers to build a weekend planner for
me. And similar how you just saw search
create these generative UI and
interactive visuals completely from
scratch, search can code this up right
now.
Let's do it.
All right. So, for the sake of today's
demo, we thought you might want to see a
peek under the hood. So, as this builds,
you're going to see real-time thinking
steps and code generation flowing in.
And here, search is thinking about the
right components to build, not just what
information to fetch, but the best way
to present it. And I've chosen to
securely connect Gmail, photos, and
calendar, so it's using personal
intelligence to make my suggestions even
more helpful. That means referencing
Gmail receipts, calendar, and much more
to personalize. And boom, here it is.
Looks like it's ready.
All right. Got a beautiful planner
already taken to account driving times
and weather. And Search knows that I
have two kids
and that they love animals and that my
oldest is learning to play chess. So,
actually this the second one here is
kind of awesome for my oldest. So, I'm
going to go ahead and heart that.
Uh but, you know, two kids got to make
them both happy. So, I'm going to lock
in the Happy Hollow Park and Zoo right
there. And because this syncs with my
calendar, you can see it's already
blocked off my afternoon to to meet a
friend to watch this game down here.
And below, it's got all of these cool
restaurant reservations and beautifully
laid out on maps.
Now, having seen this a little bit, I
kind of want the map to be higher up.
And also, my wife and I try to do Friday
date night. So, I'm going to keep
customizing this. And just for the sake
of speed, I'm going to paste in here one
more question to add Friday night date
each week and move it to the top. And
just like before, it's thinking through
what's needed to adjust the planner,
looking up real-time information, even
checking my preferences again. Wow, that
was so fast. So, it's able to use all
kinds of information from Google to
build this on the fly. And now, you can
see the map right at the top and Friday
date night tab right here. So, I can
scroll down. I can see all of these
really great places after the babysitter
arrives. Here's some awesome
restaurants. I'll go ahead and select
it, and we're ready to go. Now,
a weekend plan is not complete until I
get my wife Danielle's seal of approval.
So, I can share this app with her, which
I'm going to do right here.
And copy it.
Okay. And now, I'm actually going to
pull it up on a phone. So, when I send
this to her, this is exactly what she's
going to see on her phone.
All right. So, Danielle is in, but it
also looks like she might have some
feedback for me when I get home, but
we're going to deal with that kind of a
little bit later. So, all I have to do
is say, "Okay, add this to my calendar."
Search will add it to all of our Cat
Family calendars, and we're ready to go.
And next weekend, I'll be able to come
back and plan a whole new weekend with
my family just like this.
So, we're bringing anti-gravity into
Search, so you'll get generative UI this
summer. Starting with subscribers,
you'll be able to custom build
experiences just like this in the coming
months.
>> [applause]
>> From search agents to agentic coding,
this is an AI search that does more for
you, whatever your question.
Agentic capabilities are going to
transform all the ways you use Search,
including how you shop. To tell you
more, here's Videa.
>> [music]
[music]
>> With the incredible advancements in AI,
we are entering a whole new era.
We've been building the foundation for
agentic commerce, and now we are
bringing that future right to you.
People shop across Google over a billion
times a day.
And for years, we've connected you with
brands and retailers to help you get
exactly what you're looking for.
It starts with our shopping graph,
the world's most comprehensive catalog
of products. It now has over 60 billion
listings, and they're constantly
updated.
Combine the scale of the shopping graph
with our advanced Gemini models, and you
get entirely new ways to shop. It's more
powerful, more intelligent, and more
fun.
Now, when it comes to agentic commerce,
we are focused on delivering three key
building blocks to make this future a
reality.
First, the Universal Commerce Protocol,
or UCP for short.
UCP does for agentic commerce what HTTP
did for the web.
It gives agents and systems a common
language.
It's an open-source standard that allows
all the key players to work across the
entire shopping journey. That means
it makes everything from product
research to checkout to shipment
tracking totally seamless.
And we've been thrilled to see the
entire industry rally behind it.
We co-developed and launched UCP with an
incredible group of founding partners,
and recently welcomed Amazon, Meta,
Microsoft, Salesforce, and Stripe.
>> [applause]
[applause]
>> They're going to help
steer this um
as the open standard.
It may very well be the first time we've
all agreed on something.
And now, we are bringing UCP to even
more verticals like hotels
and local food delivery providers,
and to YouTube and more products.
We're also expanding UCP-powered
experiences on Google products to more
regions like Canada, Australia, and the
UK in the coming months.
That brings us to our second building
block,
the Agent Payments Protocol, or AP2.
So, when it comes to agentic payments,
the number one question we hear is,
"How do I know it just won't go off and
buy something I don't want?"
Motorcycle, anyone?
It's It's a fair question, and it's why
we created AP2.
It's designed so your AI agent can
securely make payments on your behalf,
but always under your control.
For us, it comes down to two things:
setting boundaries
and ensuring accountability.
First, let's talk about boundaries.
We are now making it easy to set strict
guardrails.
Just tell your agent the specific brands
and products that you want and uh how
much you want to spend.
It automatically makes a purchase if the
criteria are met.
But boundaries only work if there's
accountability.
AP2 creates a transparent, verifiable
link between you,
the merchant, and all the payment
processors.
It uses privacy-preserving
technology to keep your data safe,
and with tamper-proof digital mandates,
AP2 ensures the agent is always acting
on your behalf and gives you a permanent
digital paper trail.
So, if you ever need to make a return,
you and the merchant are looking at the
same record.
Your payment info stays shielded, the
data stays private, and your purchases
stay secure.
We'll begin bringing AP2 to Google
products in the coming months, starting
with Gemini Spark.
>> [applause]
>> So, these four protocols are powering
the foundation of this new era,
which brings us to our final building
block of agent e-commerce.
I am excited to announce the universal
cart, a truly intelligent shopping cart.
It works across merchants and across
services.
You'll be able to add things to your
cart when you're browsing search,
chatting with Gemini, watching YouTube,
or even reading your Gmail.
The moment you add a product, your cart
goes to work for you in the background.
It finds deals, uh looks at price drops,
gives you insights on the price history,
and alerts you when something comes back
in stock.
It all runs on our Gemini models.
So, your cart gets even smarter as the
models improve.
So, just think of it as shopping with
superpowers.
Now, another game-changer is how it
applies intelligent reasoning.
Let's say you're building your first
custom PC.
You see a motherboard with great reviews
and just add that to your cart.
Now, you already picked out a processor,
but what you didn't realize is that the
processor needs a motherboard with a
different type of socket.
Your cart catches this for you and
suggests an alternative, preventing a
problem you didn't really see coming.
Next, my fav-
My favorite feature is how the cart can
actually find hidden savings for you.
If you're like me, you have different
payment cards with different perks that
are just hard to keep track of. Now, you
don't have to. The cart can do it for
you because it's built on Google Wallet.
Here's an example.
Right here, there's an offer
uh from Target for some products that
were added to the cart earlier in the
week.
I see it, so I just want to get it now.
And UCP makes this checkout from your
cart super smooth. For many of your
favorite brands, you can check out right
on Google in just a few taps with Google
Pay.
Or you can transfer all these items
straight to the retailer's site and then
buy it there.
I'm excited to announce that we are
rolling out the universal card in the US
across search and the Gemini app this
summer with YouTube and Gmail to follow.
>> [applause]
>> The building blocks we showed you today
won't just create the foundation for
agent e-commerce, they will transform
the way you shop on Google, making it
more powerful, more intelligent, and a
lot more fun. Happy shopping and back to
you, Liz.
>> [applause]
>> Today, you've seen how we're bringing
together the best of a search engine
with the best of AI
to build a Google Search that's more
helpful and powerful than ever before.
Where search agents work for you around
the clock.
Where agentic coding means that search
can build experiences as unique as your
questions.
And where the power of agentic commerce
isn't in the distant future.
It's here now.
So, in this chapter of AI search, Google
can help you find, understand, build, do
anything.
So, go ahead. Just ask.
>> [applause]
>> When I'm with you, baby,
I admire
all the things you do to me.
>> [music]
>> All the things you do to me
and everything you say.
I just can't get enough.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right. Hi everyone, it's great to
see you again. And you've already seen
some amazing breakthroughs this morning,
and we're just getting started.
We have a lot more to show you in the
Gemini app, so let's jump right in.
Over the last summer, Gemini has had
incredible momentum. More than 900
million users are coming to the Gemini
app every month.
And a big part of that growth is how
fast we're shipping.
A year ago, none of these features
existed.
And now, Gemini has become the ultimate
creative tool for everyone.
You can create images, videos, and music
in ways people never thought were
possible.
We've made Gemini more tailored with
personal intelligence, allowing you to
securely connect your Gmail, photos, and
other apps so you get customized help.
And just last week, we expanded personal
intelligence to users around the world
directly in the app.
Millions of people are using it every
single day.
They found it so helpful for things like
personalized product recommendations or
trip recommendations
or acting as a thought partner for
navigating big decisions in life like a
career change.
Or in my case, finding the right set of
tires for our super cool minivan that's
going to be at that block party.
We've made Gemini superb for students
also over the last year.
You can use it to create guided
learning, generate practice tests, and
even use dedicated notebooks to keep all
your notes and assignments in one place.
And these same notebooks sync directly
to Notebook LM.
Just on its own, Notebook LM has now
been used to create more than 1.5
billion notebooks, podcasts, slide
decks, and more,
turning complex information into
easy-to-understand knowledge.
And as you heard from Sundar earlier,
we're rolling out our new Gemini 3.5
Flash model, which is unlocking a new
set of features that I'm going to show
you today.
All of this is happening in a Gemini app
that's now available in more than 230
countries and over 70 languages,
making Gemini the most widely available
AI assistant in the world.
>> [applause]
>> Gemini is becoming that universal
assistant people are turning to. It's
designed for their everyday lives. And
speaking of design, that brings us to
the first of our three big updates
today.
Today, I'm excited to announce that
we've completely redesigned the Gemini
experience from the ground up.
From the moment you open it, we've
greeted you with a stunning new design
language we call neural expressive.
We've added fluid animations, vibrant
colors, new typography, haptic feedback
throughout the app.
But we all know that good design isn't
just about how it looks.
Good design is about how it works.
So, we've involved the entire
experience.
We've made it easier to discover and
generate those gorgeous images, videos,
and music with built-in templates that
you can easily remix.
And we've completely transformed the
Gemini Live experience. It now opens up
immediately and in line.
And soon, you'll be able to pick a
regional dialect that resonates with
you.
You've got a right good mix of different
accents knocking about like this one
from Liverpool. If
Gemini only you are
just like me and you have me.
May I help
you please tell me what you say I can do
here and you're going to change it.
All right, pretty cool.
>> [applause]
>> We'll be rolling out these and many more
regional dialects in the coming weeks.
And my favorite part is how we handle
model responses with our new neural
expressive design language. That's where
it really comes to life.
You won't see a wall of text anymore.
Instead, Gemini will carefully lay out
its response in real time.
Just for you. Like the generative UI you
saw in search.
As you scroll, you might see interactive
images that are custom generated by
Gemini. You can drill into them like
this and explore information on an
entirely new level.
You might even see timelines that you
can quickly skim or embedded videos.
So, whether you're in dark mode or light
mode, the entire experience feels fluid
and futuristic and incredibly natural.
Best of all, neural expressive is
rolling out globally on Android, iOS,
and the web starting right now.
>> [applause]
>> With a completely redesigned Gemini app
as the new base, we can go even further
with Gemini's creative abilities. And
that's update number two.
Gemini Omni is coming right into the
Gemini app for paid subscribers today.
It's going to let you bring your ideas
to life using any combination of text,
images, and video inputs. And as I've
been using it, it feels like the nano
banana for video moment is here.
It's never been so easy to create and
edit videos.
Let's look how this plays out in the
real world. I want you to meet Sashu.
She's working on a new song, and she
wants to create a quick video teaser.
So, she shares the raw video.
She adds some reference visuals to it.
And now, this is the coolest part. She
can transform the style of her video.
Maybe even switch the camera angle to a
360° shot. And Gemini puts it all
together for her. Let's take a look at
what it looks like.
>> [music]
>> All done within Gemini.
>> [applause]
>> As you can see, Omni understands the
physics of her movement. It
intelligently layers those effects into
the real world without losing the soul
of her shot.
Creating, remixing, editing videos has
never been easier.
So, whatever vision is in her head, she
can now use Gemini to make it real.
Google AI Plus, Pro, and Ultra
subscribers around the world can try
Gemini Omni today, right in the app.
>> [applause]
>> The third update today is about how
agents are coming to Gemini. This is a
big shift for Gemini because agents
don't just answer questions, they
proactively work on your behalf.
And to show you what this means, I want
to introduce one of our newest
out-of-the-box agents called the daily
brief.
It's a personalized digest that's
designed to be your first stop every
morning.
Here's how it works.
You can see here that it's synthesizing
information from across my inbox, my
calendar, my tasks. It's finding the
most important things for me to be aware
of.
And I totally could forget these things,
like that returning that book. It's not
just summarizing the data, though. It's
organizing it by topic. It's even
suggesting the next step.
And with this travel info, I can just
take the next step right in line.
All of it is super concise in this
morning digest that's built for
skimming.
And I can't wait for you to try it out.
The daily brief is rolling out today
also to Google AI plus pro and ultra
subscribers starting right here in the
US.
And that's just the help you're going to
get before breakfast.
Beyond the daily brief, we're allowing
power users to create their own custom
workflows with Gemini Spark, like I
showed you earlier.
You'll remember at the beginning of the
show we sent a few tasks off, so let's
go check in on them, see how they've
completed.
And you'll remember when I did this
earlier, I did it from the phone, so
we're going to actually pull it up on
the laptop to show how it syncs across.
And if I open up here on the laptop, you
can see it subdivided those three tasks
right here, 1 2 3, and it's actually got
a really nice feature. There's certain
at tasks it'll actually ask for your
input, so you can approve it, so it
doesn't just go off and do things you
don't want. But I'll check in this one
here. This is our school year planning
checklist, and I asked it remember to
create a doc of all the things I didn't
want to forget between now and the end
of the year. And so I'll open this one
up. And what's amazing about it is it
takes advantages all the Google Docs
formatting. So I can immediately click
in and see the checklist here for our
various kids all subdivided like this
and easily to go one by one.
The date, the activity, the color
coding, all integrated in one spot.
Pretty incredible how much time this can
save.
Now what comes across all of these cases
is that we want to make agents easy to
use and safe and secure.
As a reminder, Sparks going to start
rolling out to trusted testers this week
and we're planning to roll it out as a
beta to Google AI Ultra subscribers next
week in the US.
We'll be bringing a version of Spark
also to Gemini workspace to workspace as
well as Gemini Enterprise.
And this is just the beginning. We've
got a packed road map of features we'll
be shipping throughout the summer. It's
going to be amazing. I'm really excited
about the MCP integrations. That's going
to enable Spark to handle so many tasks
in ways that are even more proactive and
powerful.
Imagine, Spark will be able to look
ahead on your calendar and see that
you're on snack duty for your kids
T-ball game on Saturday. It can go ahead
and proactively set up your Instacart
order on its own so you don't forget
those snacks. And it'll even remember to
pick snacks that don't have nuts in
them.
And we have this incredible lineup of
partners that are coming that'll be
integrating with Spark over the summer.
Now I know I've promised just three
updates, but we have one more.
Last month we dropped the Gemini app for
macOS. Here it is on the screen. It's
gorgeous. This was a small team that
built this native app from scratch using
anti-gravity. They did over 100 features
in less than 100 days.
Now, two weekends ago we were hacking on
the Mac app and we came up with
something cool and we wanted to sneak it
into the show. You all want to see it
live?
All right.
We've got a big summer trip coming up
and we've got to find a kennel for our
two dogs. And here's a picture of our
two dogs. There's Hank, looking good,
and Louis Cinnamon. One of the most
interesting names for a dog we've ever
heard. [laughter] Uh
what we're going to do and remember when
you have to go to a new kennel, there's
lots of paperwork. Allergies, vaccines,
all the history you have to pull
together. It's so painful. And so what
you can do with this
on Gemini on Mac OS is actually take a
look at a bunch of documents like this.
You'll be able to select them all and
then long press the function key and
just dictate the email to the kennel.
So it works something like this.
Hi there. I need to do a short boarding
stay for my two dogs, Louis Cinnamon and
Hank, starting this Thursday. Wait, no,
actually it's this Friday. They've never
stayed with you before, but they're very
social dogs. And also, can you turn
these files into a table with their
details, allergies, recent vaccines, and
make this email sound friendly so we
make a good first impression?
All right, I'm going to release the
function key. You can see Gemini's
thinking at the bottom here on this
MacBook. What it's done is because I've
selected those files in finder. Using
its multimodal understanding, it can go
through the PDF, it can go through these
images of their invoices, and it's all
controlled by my voice.
So it can actually take all that complex
information and look at that. There it
is.
It's got a table in line.
>> [applause]
>> It's also so amazing cuz it corrects,
remember I said Thursday, no, scratch
that, Friday, and it picks up that and
automatically cleans up my input.
This is the power of what Gemini can do
using your voice.
These new voice capabilities in Gemini
Spark will be coming to the Mac app this
summer as well.
>> [applause]
>> And so there it is. Today has been a
jam-packed Gemini day. We've completely
redesigned the entire experience with
Neural Expressive.
We're shipping the brand new Gemini Omni
model and 3.5 Flash model with 3.5 Pro
coming soon. And you can now put Gemini
to work. And it'll keep working for you
even while you sleep, thanks to new
features like the daily brief and Gemini
Spark.
All of this gets us closer to our vision
of a universal assistant that's
personal, proactive, and powerful in
your daily life.
So whether you're a student, a busy
parent, or a small business owner, we
look forward to what you're going to be
able to do with Gemini.
Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> Hi, I'm Holly.
I moved from South Korea to the US in
2005.
Food has always been something we love
to do in our family.
So I decided to open a restaurant.
But running a restaurant,
ah, so hard.
I discovered Gemini [music] could help
me with a lot of things.
From menus to marketing,
budgeting, and [music] inventory. How
much sesame oil did I order last month?
Last month you ordered 5 [music]
gallons. I even rebuilt our website with
AutogrAvity and Stitch to include
[music] a custom chatbot for our
customers.
But one day, we needed to find a
dishwasher very last minute, and that
[music] was my aha moment. I wanted to
help small businesses and people find
each other faster. So, I got a small
team together, and [music] we used
Gemini models to build an inclusive
hiring platform called Work Onward. And
[music] we did what other job sites are
not doing. We translated job postings
and then made it possible to post jobs
[music] just by text.
It helps break down barriers for those
who aren't tech-savvy and help people
find their place.
Our little tool is a now a platform used
by over 13,000 people in New York City.
It's about
>> [music]
>> honoring the dignity of workers and
small businesses, and I think that's the
power of AI.
>> [music]
>> As you've heard today, our models and
products are unlocking new
breakthroughs.
But the real breakthrough isn't the
technology, it's what you do with it.
Whether you're a designer, an
entrepreneur, or an artist,
our products help shrink the gap between
the moment you have an idea and the
moment you create it.
At its best, technology is a canvas for
human creativity.
And today, I want to dive into three
products that help you bring your ideas
to life.
Let's start with the with one that takes
the power of Nano Banana and gives you
even more creative control.
Introducing Google Pix, a new product in
Google Workspace.
Pix is our image creation and editing
tool that helps you create just about
anything, from party flyers to
infographics, with the creative controls
you want.
Watch how easy this is.
You start with a base image as your
canvas, and what's really cool is that
Pix understands what's in your creations
and how the objects work together.
You can hover over an element and click
to remove it.
Or you can resize an object to fit the
frame.
Once the layout is set, you can add or
edit text
and translate all of it with just a few
clicks.
>> [applause]
>> Pretty cool.
Every output from our creative tools,
including Pix, is watermarked with
SynthID.
And Pix is rolling out this summer.
>> [applause]
>> But what if you want to go beyond
images?
Maybe you want to design an app or a
website.
Now you can build UI at the speed of
thought.
Teams across Google use our design
product called Stitch
to turn rough ideas into beautiful UI
designs.
But it's not just us.
In the last year, the world used Stitch
to generate over 100 million UI screens.
And to continue that momentum, today
we're introducing new ways to design.
Let's look at how this works.
My friends Tyler and Jenny own a pizza
company
and they have a ton of experience making
pizza
and no experience designing websites.
With a single prompt, Stitch will go to
work generating that UI live.
Now this is just the first pass.
But if they want to refine it, they can
collaborate with Stitch in real time
either by writing prompts or using their
voices.
For example, they can jump in and say,
"Make the header text larger and update
the menu to highlight more pizza
options."
And the layout updates in real time.
And because Stitch links to many tools,
they can export their design to code or
launch their website in just a few
clicks.
These updates in Stitch are rolling out
today to users globally.
>> [applause]
>> With every new technology, what's most
exciting is seeing what people make with
it.
That's why from day one, we haven't just
built models and tools for creatives,
we've built with them.
Let's take a look at some of our amazing
partners and what we've created
together.
You're in the era where the human has to
be the most creative.
>> [cheering]
>> Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas
anymore.
>> [screaming]
>> Right?
>> [music]
[music]
>> Yeah.
What do I have?
>> [music]
[applause]
>> That spirit of collaboration is why we
launched Google Flow at I/O last year.
Today, millions of people are using it
to create images, films, and music in
ways they never could before.
And to build on that progress, we're
rolling out Gemini Omni, a new agents,
custom tools, and music remixing.
>> [applause]
>> Let's start with Gemini Omni.
Take a look at this raw footage.
I love how this person is walking.
His presence, his pacing.
Let's not change any of that.
With a simple prompted style reference,
Omni allows us to transform the
environment, add visual effects, and any
other element, all while preserving the
original performance.
And now, you can even add new characters
while maintaining everything else in the
scene.
>> [applause]
>> Next, let's look at our second big
update, a new agent in Google Flow.
Until today, Flow could only execute one
prompt at a time.
Now, your agent can take multiple
actions all at once.
Starting with just a
single image, I can ask the agent to
help me find the best camera angles for
this scene.
It analyzes what's happening in the
image, concepts the most compelling
angles,
and then,
boom, a single image becomes 16 unique
videos.
>> [applause]
>> The agent can also handle large-scale
edits, like transforming all of the
scenes from early morning to late at
night.
Its understanding of context is precise.
The desert sky goes completely dark and
the headlights turn on illuminating the
dust.
It's a true collaborator helping you
create and edit at scale.
>> [applause]
>> Our next update is flow tools.
Now you can vibe code any creative tool
you could think of right in flow.
Custom-built by you for your unique
creative process.
Like designing video effects,
hand-drawn animations, or layering text.
You can start building, sharing, and
remixing tools today.
>> [applause]
>> Visual magic is only half the story.
Google Flow Music brings the same
creative control to help artists create
original songs.
For months, one of our teammates had a
piano riff in his head.
Let's listen to his original recording.
>> [music]
>> It's a cool foundation, but he wanted to
turn it into a demo to guide his band.
So he recorded his piano into Flow Music
and prompted it for an R&B direction
with a female vocal to inspire his band
singer.
Let's take a listen.
>> [music]
>> If I'm not on display, tell me why would
I try to fly?
>> [music]
[applause]
>> Now this isn't his final track,
but it helped his band decide what to
record next.
And all of these features in Google all
these new features in Google Flow and
Google Flow music are available today.
>> [applause]
>> From musicians to small businesses and
vibe coders to artists, the real
breakthrough isn't the technology, it's
what you do with it.
And we can't wait to see what you
create.
>> [applause]
>> Next, I'd like to hand things over to
Shahram to show you what happens when we
take Google's latest innovations and
bring them into the real world.
>> [music]
[applause]
[music]
>> This is such an exciting time for XR.
AI continues to unlock all new
experiences on headsets, glasses, and
everything in between.
Android XR, the new platform we built
with Samsung, and optimized for
Snapdragon with Qualcomm, combines this
pioneering hardware with Gemini.
This gives you help in the moment
without taking you out of it.
The next big milestone for Android XR is
intelligent eyewear.
There'll be two types of these AI
glasses that connect to your phone and
give you hands-free help all day long.
Last year, we showed you display glasses
on the IO stage.
With the small in-lens display, you'll
get helpful information right in front
of you, right when you need it.
Like seeing your Uber pick up details at
a glance, or getting live translations
as you travel.
You'll even be able to use features like
create my widget to make glanceable
elements.
The first wave of developers are already
creating display experiences, and you'll
hear more about these glasses later this
year when we expand our trusted tester
program.
But,
let's talk about what's launching this
year.
Today, I'm excited to announce that our
first audio glasses will arrive this
fall.
>> [cheering]
[applause]
>> They are designed to give you all day
help with Gemini that is spoken into
your ear privately, rather than shown on
a display.
And these glasses let you stay
hands-free and heads-up for things like
listening to music, taking photos,
making calls, or tapping into your phone
apps, all without reaching for your
pocket.
Personally, I love to cook, but I'm not
one to follow a recipe book. So, it's
great to have Gemini offer some advice
before I get too experimental.
These audio glasses have brought
together an all-star cast of partners.
You've got the world's top eyewear
designers at Gentle Monster and Warby
Parker creating iconic designs.
Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> The world's leading electronics company,
Samsung, is building innovative new
devices and experiences that set the bar
for the whole industry.
And we've been working to bring the best
of Google to these glasses as well.
And yes, they're going to pair with both
Android and iOS devices.
>> [applause]
>> They look incredible and today you are
you are actually going to finally see
for yourself.
Let's pass it to our friend and partner
from Samsung, Jay Kim, to kick off the
world's first look.
>> [applause]
>> At Samsung, our vision is to enrich
people's lives and [music] help shape
how we live tomorrow. In close
partnership with Google, we're
introducing intelligent [music] eyewear
that empowers you to connect to the
world with confidence. Built with
Samsung's precise engineering and
craftsmanship, we're merging form,
function, and helpful intelligence to
create something you'll want to wear. In
eyewear, every millimeter counts. Today,
we're thrilled to share a first look at
the upcoming styles co-created with our
eyewear partners, Warby Parker [music]
and Gentle Monster. Let's take a look.
People always think that, "Hey, we have
to be disruptive." But, we have to think
about what is the disruption. I want to
make intelligent eyewear that looks
prettier than normal eyewear. That's our
goal. It's the balance between
technology [music] and fashion. It's not
only product, it's all about perception
and emotion. [music]
In a heart, that is the DNA. I want to
give confidence to people when wear
this. They feel like connected with this
kind of braveness, this kind of
rebelliousness things [music] because
this is who we are. That's the meaning
of Gentle Monster with Google and
Samsung.
Glasses are a deeply personal product.
They shape how you see the world and how
the world sees you.
What [music] you see here is is
evolution of Warby Parker's first
intelligent eyewear designs. Our vision
for intelligent eyewear started by
wanting to design a beautiful pair of
glasses. [music]
We often take inspiration from different
art objects, artists, eras in time.
It was important for us not to hide the
technology, [music] but to celebrate it.
These will not only help people see, but
will help them understand the world
[music] more deeply. We want people to
experience the world fully, and that's
the magic of this technology. Hey
Gemini, who wore it better? [music]
>> [applause]
>> Aren't they beautiful?
These are the These are the first two
designs of a bigger collection that's
coming this fall.
Okay, you know what time it is now.
Who's up for a live demo?
>> [applause]
>> Nishter is going to join me on stage, so
let's have Gemini play some entrance
music for her.
And it's seeing the world around uh
around you, you can see. So, the more
hyped you are in the audience, the more
pumping the music will be.
>> [applause]
>> Hey Gemini.
I think it's done it already. Play that
music. Come on, let's go.
Nishter, welcome.
Welcome, Nishter. Thank you.
I'm wearing one of the Warby Parker
styles, and Nishter has a pair of the
Gentle Monster glasses on. Looking
great, Nishter. Thanks, Roam. You, too.
Okay, a quick preamble for the demo
today. We're going to be piping in the
audio
uh to the stage speakers from our
glasses, but in regular use, of course,
Gemini's just going to privately be
talking to us.
Now, last time we were on stage, we saw
the rich Google Maps experience on this
play glasses. Well, Maps on these
glasses are just as helpful, especially
when working in combination with
personal intelligence. No pulling out my
phone. All I have to do now is ask.
Hey, can you navigate me to the place I
met my friend Giana at last week?
Hey Nishta, I've set your route to the
Redwood Grove Nature Preserve from last
week's hike. Want to add a stop on the
way to grab your afternoon cold brew?
Yes, Gemini. I would love that.
Okay, I'm starting walking navigation
with a stop at Kupa Cafe. Turn around
and head towards Bill Graham Parkway.
With glasses, you can allow Maps to
further understand your context and
what's in front of you. So, you get
detailed directions like the coffee shop
is coming up on your right.
Speaking of coffee, Nishta, do you want
to show how Gemini intelligence can
allow you to order that cold brew up
ahead? That's a really good idea.
Gemini, can you actually put my usual
order in at that coffee shop we just
talked about?
Sure, I'll order you a nitro cold brew
for pick up from Kupa Cafe on DoorDash.
So, on the screen behind me, you can
actually see Nishta's phone that's in
her pocket. Gemini is able to launch
apps like DoorDash, then click through
all the different option screens
automatically to order her coffee.
And in a moment, it's going to be ready
for
Nishta's confirmation.
There we go.
>> [applause]
>> There we go.
I have prepared your order for the nitro
cold brew from Koopa Cafe. Would you
like to confirm? Yes, please. And add a
tip for 20% too.
I think after all these rehearsals,
that's our 15th cold brew today. And
thanks to the coffee shop for putting up
with us.
It definitely is. Uh and speaking of
preparation, I actually muted my texts
before I came on stage. But let me see
if I can catch up now.
Hey Gemini, any important messages I
miss?
Yes, your family group chat decided to
meet for dinner at 7:00 today. And there
is a reminder to say your daily
affirmations. You are strong. You are
confident.
>> a bit later. But why don't you add that
dinner to my calendar?
Sure. I'll add an event for family
dinner at 7:00 p.m. to your calendar,
right after your team celebration.
Awesome.
Gemini not only
Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> Gemini not only summarized her muted
texts, but it tapped into her calendar
app to add that event.
So, we saw how glasses work on your
phone,
but what about when they're attached to
your watch to give you a glanceable
display?
It's not a Google I/O without an
audience selfie, but we're going to do
it with a do it a twist this time. Can
everyone strike their favorite pose?
Gemini, take a photo of this amazing
audience, but turn it into a cartoon and
add a big blimp in the sky that says
Google I/O 2026 on it in fun colors.
Everyone strike a pose.
Okay, if this goes well, everyone go
bananas in the audience.
Because nano banana on glasses is just
awesome. And just in a few seconds,
you'll even see that seamless preview on
her watch. Any second now, drum roll.
Here we go.
>> [cheering]
[applause]
>> Thank you. Thank you, Nister. Round of
applause for Nister.
>> [applause]
>> The demo worked. Yes.
The future of intelligent eyewear has
never been more exciting. Stunning
designs from my iconic brands,
engineering and craftsmanship from
Samsung, personal and proactive help
from Gemini,
customized apps and features from Google
and the developer ecosystem, all
arriving with our first glasses this
fall. So, stay tuned.
Now, I'm going to pass it to Dennis.
>> [applause]
>> Thank you.
I'm going to pass it to Dennis to talk
about the future of AI.
>> [music]
>> It's amazing to see how far we come with
glasses, and I can't wait for everyone
to experience them.
Today, we showed you our next generation
models, Gemini 3.5 and Omni, new coding
capabilities in anti-gravity 2.0,
agents in search and Gemini Spark, and
so much more.
It's great to see Gemini transforming so
many Google products used by billions of
people every day.
All of these advances show the
staggering pace of AI progress. It's
incredible, even for those of us who
have spent our entire lives working on
this.
AGI is now on the horizon, and it will
be the most profound and impactful
technology ever invented.
If built right, it could propel human
progress and flourishing beyond our
imaginations.
We're in a moment of immense promise,
but also enormous responsibility.
It's important that we are clear-eyed
about the potential challenges and use
all the tools at our disposal to ensure
the safety of our genetic systems and
ultimately AGI itself.
One area of risk that has gained a lot
of attention recently is cybersecurity.
Google has invested in this area for
decades, and we're bringing our frontier
capabilities and deep expertise to help
secure the world's codebases.
We have tools like our code security
agent Code Minder, which automatically
finds and fixes critical software
vulnerabilities.
Today, we're inviting a select group of
experts to test a new Code Minder API,
and we'll be launching it more broadly
soon.
>> [applause]
>> Stepping back, the whole reason I've
worked on AI my entire career was
because I saw it as the ultimate tool to
advance science and our understanding of
the world.
It's awesome to see those dreams become
a reality, with AI beginning to help
scientists in almost every field.
Building on this momentum, I'm excited
to announce Gemini for Science,
which brings together
>> [applause]
>> It brings together a number of powerful
AI tools to help accelerate research.
Gemini can already assist in solving
complex problems, but our new Labs
prototypes streamline daily scientific
tasks. Whether it's staying on top of
newly published papers, transforming
research goals into usable code, or
generating new hypotheses.
Another powerful tool for science is
simulation.
AI simulations are going to be critical
for understanding and predicting dynamic
systems that are simply too complex to
model directly today.
An amazing example of this is Alpha
Earth Foundations.
It's the closest thing we have to a
digital twin of the planet that could
help address problems like deforestation
and food security.
Simulations are already proving
extremely useful. Our state-of-the-art
Weather Next models can predict
hurricane paths faster and more
accurately than traditional systems.
Let's take a look at how Weather Next
helped during last year's hurricane
season.
Tropical storms and hurricanes can
change very quickly, which [music] makes
them more challenging to predict than
other types of weather systems.
At Google, we developed [music] Weather
Next, a global weather forecasting AI
model that is also able to predict where
hurricanes are going to go and how
strong they're going to become. In 2025,
Weather Next predicted a Category 5
[music] hurricane striking Jamaica 3
days early with greater accuracy than
previous models.
It's going to cause catastrophic,
life-threatening [music] damage.
Because of that early warning, we were
[music] able to give that advanced
notice to the public to save more from
certain areas, so it [music] saved their
lives.
Weather Next was a really valuable tool
in helping us make these more accurate
and aggressive [music] forecasts for
Melissa, and I think going forward,
Weather Next and other AI models will
become part of our routine [music]
forecast toolkit here at the Hurricane
Center.
>> [applause]
>> In the future, we will be able to
simulate even more complex emergent
systems, perhaps even virtual cells.
Our biological models like AlphaFold and
AlphaGenome have already become standard
research tools used by millions of
scientists around the world to make
important advances in their fields.
I like to call this science at digital
speed,
both in terms of the speed of the
solution and its dissemination to the
researchers who can make use of it.
I've always believed the number one
application of AI should be to improve
human health.
At Isomorphic Labs, we're modeling
molecular interactions to massively
accelerate the development of new
medicines, supported by leading industry
partners.
We're now in preclinical stage with
multiple projects, including potential
treatments for immune disorders and
cancer.
Our mission
>> [applause]
>> Our mission is to reimagine the drug
discovery process with the goal of one
day solving all disease.
Something that would have seemed
impossible just a few years ago, but I
truly believe is now within reach.
Google's cutting-edge research and
products will help unlock AGI's
incredible potential for the benefit of
the entire world.
When we look back at this time, I think
we'll realize that we were standing in
the foothills of the singularity.
It will be a profound moment for
humanity.
This technology will be a force
multiplier for human ingenuity and usher
in a new golden age of scientific
discovery and progress,
improving the lives of everyone,
everywhere.
We look forward to building the future
with all of you.
Thank you, and enjoy the rest of Google
I/O.
>> [music and applause]
[applause]
>> Oh.